README.md, before:

# Calibration Shapes Reborn
A continuation of [Calibration Shapes by 5@xes](https://github.com/5axes/Calibration-Shapes/).

This plugin adds a menu to create some simple shapes to the scene (cube, sphere, cylinder, tube), custom bridging test shapes and calibration sample parts.

## Features:
### Simple shapes:
Quickly add basic shapes (cube, sphere, cylinder, tube) to your scene from the menu.  
The default size for the simple shapes is 20 mm, but can be modified via the *Set default size* menu option.
### Custom Bridging Tests:
Test your printer's ability to span voids of varying vastness with custom boxes, tubes and right angle triangles.
  - Tip: If you're making a bridging triangle, set *Top/Bottom > Top/Bottom Pattern* to *Lines* and set *Top/Bottom > Top/Bottom Line Directions* to *[0,90]* to test the triangle getting evenly further out each time.
### Calibration shapes:
Given the name, they had to be in here somewhere! Print these models designed to test various aspects of your printer's performance. Information about what they do can be found [in the documentation for the original version of the plugin](https://github.com/5axes/Calibration-Shapes/wiki) - just bear in mind that I've removed a few things if something looks missing (see below for more details).

---
### Changelog:
#### 1.1.0
- Added custom bridging shapes (box, tube, triangle) from an audience request.  
See, I want your ideas! Please send them in.
- Dead code continues to be removed. With the cleaning up I've done this time, it'll run *imperceptibly* faster.
#### 1.0.2
- Removed a function call that caused errors in Cura 5.0 and 5.1.
- More sweeping up dead code, but now it'll use less RAM because of it.
#### 1.0.1 (initial published release)
- Replaced the "default size" dialog with something far less disruptive and fitting in with Cura's UI style.
- Fixed a few typos in the code which may have affected things in some cases.
- Still sweeping up dead code.
#### 1.0.0
- Changed name in all the code so that it doesn't interact with the original version if you happen to have them side by side.
- All the changes in the "removed features" section below, including removing dead code related to them.

---
**This version has removed several features available in the original to be easier for me to maintain:**
- *Now requires Cura 5.0 or higher.* This has allowed me to remove legacy code.
- Test towers are gone. [AutoTowers Generator](https://github.com/kartchnb/AutoTowersGenerator) does a far better job than I ever could.
- Any other calibration prints which relied on post-processing scripts have also been removed.
- Due to my changes the existing translation files won't work. Feel free to speak up if you'd like to help!

---
### If something isn't working, I want to know! Just create something in the [issues](https://github.com/Slashee-the-Cow/CalibrationShapesReborn/issues) page.
### If you want to say hi, I'd love to hear it! [Discussions](https://github.com/Slashee-the-Cow/CalibrationShapesReborn/discussions) is the place for you.

---

Based on [Calibration Shapes by 5@xes](https://github.com/5axes/Calibration-Shapes/) which itself was based on [Cura-SimpleShapes by fieldOfView](https://github.com/fieldOfView/Cura-SimpleShapes).  
Uses the [Trimesh](https://github.com/mikedh/trimesh) library to create [simple shapes](https://github.com/mikedh/trimesh/blob/master/trimesh/creation.py) and to load STL files.

Commit message:

You're supposed to commit more than once a version, right?
- Added custom size box, cylinder and tube.
- Added regular simple cone.
- Added some type hinting in places mostly for funsies because I'm not checking it.
- Put ... at the end of menu entries which open a dialog.

README.md, after:

# Calibration Shapes Reborn
A continuation of [Calibration Shapes by 5@xes](https://github.com/5axes/Calibration-Shapes/).

This plugin adds a menu to create some simple shapes to the scene (cube, sphere, cylinder, tube, cone), custom bridging test shapes and calibration sample parts.

## Features:
### Simple shapes:
Quickly add basic shapes (cube, sphere, cylinder, tube, cone) to your scene from the menu.  
The default size for the simple shapes is 20 mm, but can be modified via the *Set default size* menu option.
### Custom bridging tests:
Test your printer's ability to span voids of varying vastness with custom boxes, tubes and right angle triangles.
  - Tip: If you're making a bridging triangle, set *Top/Bottom > Top/Bottom Pattern* to *Lines* and set *Top/Bottom > Top/Bottom Line Directions* to *[0,90]* to test the triangle getting evenly further out each time.
### Custom simple shapes:
Make a box the size *you* want it. Make a cylinder the size *you* want it. Make a tube the size *and inner diameter* **you** want it. Don't settle for boxy defaults!
### Calibration shapes:
Given the name, they had to be in here somewhere! Print these models designed to test various aspects of your printer's performance. Information about what they do can be found [in the documentation for the original version of the plugin](https://github.com/5axes/Calibration-Shapes/wiki) - just bear in mind that I've removed a few things if something looks missing (see below for more details).

---
### Changelog:
#### 1.2.0
- Added custom boxes, cylinders and tubes. No longer do you need to stretch things in certain directions. Or settle for a fixed inner diameter of tube!
- Added a cone to the simple shapes.
- Menu options which lead to a dialog box now end in ... - that might sound frightfully boring - because it is - but it's actually important for a user interface.
#### 1.1.0
- Added custom bridging shapes (box, tube, triangle) thanks to an audience request. See what size gaps your printer can cover before things start falling down.  
**See, I want your ideas! Please send them in.**
- Dead code continues to be removed. With the cleaning up I've done this time, it'll run *imperceptibly* faster.
#### 1.0.2
- Removed a function call that caused errors in Cura 5.0 and 5.1.
- More sweeping up dead code, but now it'll use less RAM because of it.
#### 1.0.1 (initial published release)
- Replaced the "default size" dialog with something far less disruptive and fitting in with Cura's UI style.
- Fixed a few typos in the code which may have affected things in some cases.
- Still sweeping up dead code.
#### 1.0.0
- Changed name in all the code so that it doesn't interact with the original version if you happen to have them side by side.
- All the changes in the "removed features" section below, including removing dead code related to them.

---
**This version has removed several features available in the original to be easier for me to maintain:**
- *Now requires Cura 5.0 or higher.* This has allowed me to remove legacy code.
- Test towers are gone. [AutoTowers Generator](https://github.com/kartchnb/AutoTowersGenerator) does a far better job than I ever could.
- Any other calibration prints which relied on post-processing scripts have also been removed.
- Due to my changes the existing translation files won't work. Feel free to speak up if you'd like to help!

---
### If something isn't working, I want to know! Just create something in the [issues](https://github.com/Slashee-the-Cow/CalibrationShapesReborn/issues) page.
### If you want to say hi, I'd love to hear it! [Discussions](https://github.com/Slashee-the-Cow/CalibrationShapesReborn/discussions) is the place for you.

---

Based on [Calibration Shapes by 5@xes](https://github.com/5axes/Calibration-Shapes/) which itself was based on [Cura-SimpleShapes by fieldOfView](https://github.com/fieldOfView/Cura-SimpleShapes).  
Uses the [Trimesh](https://github.com/mikedh/trimesh) library to create [simple shapes](https://github.com/mikedh/trimesh/blob/master/trimesh/creation.py) and to load STL files.
